Most of this distribution is licensed under the terms of the Sun
Industry Standards Source License; see the file SISSL.  However, code
under other licences is linked with it and some standalone programs
have other licences.  Note that the licences overall require
distributing source with any binary distribution.

A detailed breakdown of copyright/licences is in the file
debian/copyright.  This directory contains copies of some licences
which are elided from that file because they are installed on a Debian
system.

It is somewhat unclear what the effect is of the SISSL `Standards'
language.  At the time of writing (January 2011) the reference to the
"Reference Build binaries" from the relevant page on the
gridengine.sunsource.net site (dumped as file "standards" in this
directory) is a broken link to what appears to have been a
(long-obsolete) version 5.3, and an announcement has been made of the
imminent closure of gridengine.sunsource.net.  This version hasn't
been checked against a Sun-released version with the procedure
described in doc/compatibility_test.html, and is probably not
completely compatible with any Sun/Oracle version -- definitely not on
the wire.  Thus, per section 3.1 of the SISSL, in order to use a name
like "Grid Engine" the source must be distributed, since Exhibit B
isn't applicable.  See also the explanation in
http://arc.liv.ac.uk/SGE/workshop22-24.04.02/GE-workshop-project_ff.pdf
